# Search-based-software-engineering-for-Testing-Autonomous-cars

- ## Train Generator


#### Demo Link: 
  https://www.dropbox.com/s/i4bmrx34yz0tylr/AI%20demo.mov?dl=0&fbclid=IwAR2HwXOaG3TsjqosaALDgzQcNlVLsttqg4GBTFgGxZYfGssKZjBr7W1CvjY
 
#### Overview

The Neural network model is implemented to train the lane keeping functionality in Self-driving cars. Intially, the data is collected from the BeamNG simulator and then trained the model using Convolutional Neural Network to predict the steering angles of the car.


#### About the Data

Two types of data are collected from the BeamNG simulator.
1. Camera images (Resolution of 320x160)
2. Steering angles

The Front-facing camera is mounted on the ego vehicle at the center position to collect the images of the road ahead along with the corresponding steering angles at a frequency of 20 Hz.

#### Training the AI

The Convolutional Neural Network model is trained with the total of 11K images and validated with 3K images.


- ## Test Generator

 The implementation of Test generators by converting the scenarios from CommonRoads https://commonroad.in.tum.de/ to the corresponsing .dbc and .dbe XML files to run it automatically in DriveBuild using BeamNG.
 
 #### Demo Link: 
 https://youtu.be/hVMZdasMWno
 
 #### Instructions to run the Test generator:
  
  - After downloading all the files and folders, run the **start.py** file, the xml files (.dbc and .dbe files) will be automatically generated and stored in **drivebuild_scenarios** folder. The folder also contains upto 5 instances of different test criteria for the given scenario.
 
  - The test generator is also integrated with DriveBuild, hence the the BeamNG simulator can also be run for each test instance automatically by calling **_start_commonRoad_test** function in start.py.
  
  
  #### Specifications of Test criteria:
  
  - The test criteria is generated automatically by randomly placing the ego car on the road coordinates.
  
  - The success criteria specifies the goal point which lies in first half section of the road if spawn point of the ego car is in the last half section of the road. Similarly, the goal point will lie on the last half section of the road if the spawn point of ego car is in the first half section of the road.
  
  - The test generator also defines a maximum of 20 waypoints by properly placing them between the initial start position and the goal position of the generated scenario.
  
  - The five different instances of test criteria are generated by randomizing the spawn point of the ego car and its destination position.

